---
title: About
---
<re-img src="Chris_Jarboe.jpg" hovereffect=true></re-img>

Operation Bugle Boy (OBB) is a community response to the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on our nation. The tragic events of that day awakened many in the Jefferson City, Missouri, area to a reality that our veterans and first responders already knew: we live in a dangerous world, and Americans cannot have safety and freedom without resolute individuals with the courage, skills, and willingness to protect us – even at the risk of losing their own lives. September 11th made many re-examine who our nation’s real heroes are.

The mission of Operation Bugle Boy is to initiate and carry out activities and programs that honor and support our troops, veterans, and first responders, and help make us more appreciative of their sacrifices. OBB is a non-profit, all volunteer organization and 100% of the donations we receive go towards our mission. Thanks to the tremendous support of wonderful teachers and youth leaders in our area, we have many students involved in our mission. As Vietnam War veteran and OBB Vice-President Don Hentges says, “If our country does not inspire our youth to appreciate the sacrifices of those that defended the freedoms we enjoy, we are lost as a nation.” OBB encourages all Americans to do everything possible to help make our country a nation worthy of the great sacrifices that have been made, and continue to be made, on our behalf.

Since 2001, OBB has planned and carried out nearly 100 activities and programs involving thousands of students and hundreds of adult volunteers. These efforts have resulted in sending hundreds of care packages to our troops; donating thousands of dollars to worthy causes; encouraging students to write thousands of letters to our troops, veterans, and first responders; building a wheelchair-accessible smart home for a local Marine paralyzed by wounds sustained during a firefight in Afghanistan; organizing appreciation programs & dinners for local first responders; planning an annual seminar with a patriotic theme; and sponsoring our signature event, Veterans Appreciation Night, just before Veterans Day each fall.

Operation Bugle Boy’s success the past 19 years is a testament to the love and respect the heartland of America has for our veterans and first responders. We cannot adequately express how much we appreciate the wonderful support we have received from so many good, hard-working people, businesses, organizations, schools, and churches that make it possible for us to do what we do. We are profoundly humbled and grateful for their support.

OBB has also sponsored many letter-writing activities to our troops, veterans, and first responders over the years, and thanks to the encouragement of great teachers, many wonderful letters have been written by area children. This is an excerpt from a letter written to our troops serving in the Middle East by Cheryl, a local seventh grader, in the fall of 2003:

Every day as I put my hand across my heart and say the Pledge of Allegiance, my eyes are filled with tears knowing the proud and elite fighting forces of our country have risked their lives for my sake and others. I know that America is not perfect, but with your help we are one step closer. Tonight, as I get on my hands and knees and look up to the stars and pray, I will remember to ask God to bless you.

<re-icons></re-icons>